Add API allowing to check if captured event is ANR error (#581)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Add API allowing to check if captured event is ANR error ([#581](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/581))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `IsAnr()` method to mobile `SentryEvents` to check if the event is caused by the Application Not Responding ([#581](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/581))
```
